OH! NOT SO BAD.
Haley: BETTER THAN IT LOOKS
FROM THE OUTSIDE.
OH, DROP THE COOL-GIRL ACT.
IT'S PERFECT!
SO, IT TURNS OUT
OUR HOUSE HAS MOLD --
WHICH IS NOT A REFLECTION
ON THIS EXCELLENT HOMEMAKER.
ANYWAY, WE HAVE
TO VACATE THE HOUSE
WHILE
IT'S BEING TREATED.
I GOT US THE LAST ROOM
AT A HOTEL NEARBY.
I WAS A LITTLE CONCERNED ABOUT
THE FIVE OF US SHARING A ROOM,
BUT FOR ONE NIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW. COULD BE FUN.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ CELLO PLAYING ]
WATCH IT!
LOOK OUT!
HALEY, I NEED THE WI-FI CORNER.
GET DOWN.
UGH, I NEED INSTAGRAM
TO KNOW THERE'S STILL BEAUTY
IN THE WORLD!
[ BLENDER WHIRRING ]
LUKE, YOU'LL SET OFF
THE DOGS!
[ DOGS BARKING ]
UGH!
LOOK WHAT I GOT
FROM THE VENDING MACHINE
IN THE LOBBY --
A CHARLESTON CHEW.
REMEMBER THESE?
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE
TELL THE NIGERIAN FAMILY
TO SHUT THEIR DOGS UP?!
CHECK IT OUT!
ACCORDING
TO THIS WRAPPER,
WE CAN WIN TICKETS
TO THE 2005 ALL-STAR GAME!
I THINK I'M MOST EXCITED
ABOUT THE NIGHT.
IT'S GONNA BE
LIKE CAMPING.
YEAH.
OKAY, DOES ANYBODY ELSE NEED
TO USE THE BATHROOM?
NO.
MNH-MNH.
GREAT. OH, FINALLY.
[ SIGHS ]
UGH. I FORGOT
MY NIGHT GUARD.
[ GROANS ]
SORRY, MOM.
WHAT AM I THINKING?
THIS ISN'T MY BOOK.
GREAT -- NOW
THAT WE TALKED ABOUT IT,
I NEED
TO USE THE BATHROOM AGAIN.
WHAT IS THE POINT
OF A LAST CALL...
COMING THROUGH!
...IF YOU GUYS ARE JUST GONNA
DO WHATEVER --
OW!
SOMEONE ELSE SLEEP
IN THE TUB TONIGHT. LIKE HALEY.
Haley: HEY!
OKAY, NOW THAT WE'RE ALL HERE,
CAN WE JUST --
[ TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWING ]
NO!
IT'S THAT STUPID TRAIN.
IT'S GONNA WAKE UP
THOSE STUPID DOGS.
THEY'RE GONNA START
THEIR STUPID BARKING
AND --
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
[ TRAIN WHISTLE STOPS ]
They didn't hear it.
Quiet, everybody.
No "good nights."
[ TOILET FLUSHES ]
[ DOGS BARKING ]
AAH!
AAAAH!
♪♪♪
SON OF A GUN.
RAY CHAPMAN JUST DIED.
[ GASPS ] I KNOW!
HE USED TO GIVE ME
THE BEST BONE-INS.
YOU'RE THINKING
OF OUR BUTCHER -- RAY EASTMAN.
I HOPE.
NO, CHAPMAN WAS
A NAVY BUDDY.
I ALWAYS MEANT
TO WRITE TO HIM.
OH, JAY, THAT'S SO SAD.
I HATED HIS GUTS.
IT'S LIKE THEY SAY --
YOU CANNOT PUT THESE THINGS OFF.
[ VEHICLE APPROACHING ]
WHEW.
THANKS GOD MANNY'S HERE.
I ALWAYS GET SO NERVOUS
WHEN HE GOES OUT
WITH THAT OLDER BOY, SAM.
I GUESS I COULD TRY
TEXTING THE WIDOW.
THEY ALWAYS STAY
IN THE DRIVEWAY LIKE THAT.
WHAT ARE THEY DOING?
JAY, GO LOOK.
GLORIA,
CAN'T YOU DO IT?
NO, I CAN'T DO IT
BECAUSE YOU KNOW
THAT HE ALWAYS SAY
THAT I AM NOSEY.
AND MANNY'S BEEN ACTING
VERY SUSPICIOUS LATELY.
I THINK THAT THAT OLDER BOY'S
A BAD INFLUENCE ON HIM.
CAN YOU SEE?
LOOKS LIKE
HE'S DRIVING A MUSTANG.
PRETTY SWEET ONE, TOO.
WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT?
THEY'RE KISSING.
[ GASPS ]
SAM'S A GIRL.
[ GASPS SHARPLY ]
THAT GETS
THE BIGGER REACTION?
MANNY HAS A GIRLFRIEND,
AND HE HAS NOT TOLD ME?
HERE HE COMES,
AND LET'S NOT AMBUSH HIM
WITH A BUNCH OF QUESTIONS.
NO.
HE'S PROBABLY GONNA WANT
TO PLAY THIS PRETTY COOL.
[ KEYS JINGLING ]
[ KEYS CLATTER ]
OH, HEY, GUYS.
WELL, HEADING UP.
NO, WAIT!
HOW WAS YOUR NIGHT?
OH, YOU KNOW,
JUST TEENS BEING TEENS.
ANYWAY,
BIG GAME TOMORROW. NIGHT.
[ SIGHS ]
MANNY'S FIRST GIRLFRIEND
IS A SENIOR WITH A MUSTANG.
I'D HAVE PUT MY MONEY
ON A SOPHOMORE WITH A MUSTACHE.
YOU'VE BEEN SAWING
AT THAT CHICKEN FRIED STEAK
FOR 10 MINUTES.
JUST ORDER SOMETHING ELSE.
MITCHELL,
IT'S GAME DAY.
I CAN'T.
IT'S MY LUCKY MEAL.
OH, GOD.
HERE WE GO.
WELL, THAT'S ATTRACTIVE.
YOU LOOK LIKE A PUPPY
WITH A SLIPPER.
UNDER MY LEADERSHIP,
THE VARSITY FOOTBALL TEAM
IS NOW 5-0 -- NEW SCHOOL RECORD,
VERY EXCITING.
CAM, I CAN SMELL YOUR HAT
FROM OVER HERE.
CAN I PLEASE
JUST POP IT IN THE LAUNDRY?
AND WASH THE LUCK OFF?
I'VE WORN IT TO EVERY GAME.
[ SIGHS ]
SEE, HE KNOWS NOTHING
ABOUT SPORTS.
THAT'S WHY
I'VE GIVEN HIM A PASS.
HE DOESN'T HAVE
TO GO TO GAMES.
ALTHOUGH -- I-I DO --
I HEAR IT'S FUN.
THREE HOURS
ON A SPLINTERY PLANK
WITH PARENTS SQUEALING
WITH DELIGHT
AS THEIR CHILDREN
MAIM EACH OTHER.
HE'D KNOW IF HE CAME.
THE SEATS ARE ALUMINUM NOW.
OKAY.
SOME PIE
ON THE HOUSE, COACH.
OH!
OH, AND THAT COUPLE OVER THERE
PICKED UP YOUR TAB.
[ Chuckling ]
OH! THANK YOU.
AWW.
AT LEAST I'M GETTING SOME PERKS
OUT OF ALL THIS CRAZINESS
AND -- NOPE,
THEY JUST COVERED YOUR PART.
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
LOT OF POOL OUT THERE.
[ TELEVISION PLAYING ]
HOW ABOUT
SOME MARCO POLO?
Together: NAH.
JUST LIKE
THE OLD DAYS, HUH?
NO.
UNH-UNH.
NOT IT!
DAD!
REALLY!
BUNCH OF COMPLAINERS
OUT HERE, HUH?
HONEY,
I'M GONNA GO FOR A RUN,
AND THEN MAYBE AFTER
WE GO FOR A SWIM.
OKAY.
MWAH.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ CAN SPRAYING ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
UGH. WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S A BODY SPRAY
CALLED SEX GRENADE.
ONE OF THE DIVORCED DADS
IN THE HOTEL RECOMMENDED IT.
THAT SMELL
IS DRIVING ME CRAZY.
THEN IT'S WORKING.
[ CAN SPRAYING ]
UGH.
WHAT THE HELL?
IT'S STUCK.
UNH!
NO!
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
GET AWAY FROM IT!
THERE'S NOWHERE ELSE
TO GO!
I CAN'T BREATHE!
OPEN THE DOOR!
[ COUGHING ]
[ SCREAMING ]
THERE'S AN ACTUAL MAID SERVICE
AT THIS HOTEL?!
DAD, NO! AAH!
[ GASPS ]
IT'S EMPTY.
WE'RE OKAY, GUYS.
I'M GONNA TOSS THIS.
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
WHEN SOMETHING
LIKE THAT HAPPENS,
IT MAKES YOU THINK, HUH?
LUKE!
SERIOUSLY?!
[ BIRDS CHIRPING ]
CLAIRE?
[ SCANNER BEEPS ]
NOPE.
I MEAN,
WHAT AM I DOING?
I AM TOTALLY
AT THE WRONG ROOM.
ARE YOU?
I'M SORRY, PHIL.
IT'S NOT WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE.
RUMPLED BED, WINE...
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
...BRA.
I KNEW IT!
[ BREATHING HEAVILY ]
YOU'VE BEEN SLEEPING
BY YOURSELF.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
HOW COULD YOU?
I AM SO SORRY.
I JUST
COULDN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE,
AND I NEEDED A PLACE WHERE --
WHAT IS THAT SMELL?
BETRAYAL.
FAMILY MEETING
IN THE LIVING ROOM.
AREN'T WE ALREADY IN --
IN THE LIVING ROOM!
THERE'S NO EASY WAY
TO SAY THIS.
YOUR MOTHER'S LEAVING US.
SHE'S FOUND ANOTHER ROOM
THAT MAKES HER HAPPY.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
Shh!
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
OKAY, LOOK,
I NEEDED A LITTLE SPACE,
AND THERE WAS A ROOM
THAT OPENED UP DOWN THE HALL --
THEN ONE THING
LED TO ANOTHER.
SPARE US, CLAIRE.
SO, WAIT. MOM'S STAYING
IN THAT OTHER ROOM?
YOU CAN VISIT HER
ON THE WEEKENDS.
AREN'T WE HERE
FOR JUST ONE MORE DAY?
Shh. I KNEW YOU'D BE
THE ONE TO LASH OUT.
IF MOM IS STAYING
IN AN EMPTY ROOM,
WHY CAN'T SOME OF US
STAY WITH HER?
YOU HAPPY, CLAIRE?
YOU'RE BREAKING UP
THE FAMILY.
NO, GUYS, YOUR FATHER IS RIGHT.
THIS IS MY FAULT.
I SHOULD GO BACK
TO MY ROOM
AND JUST THINK ABOUT
WHAT I'VE DONE.
UGH. COME ON.
WE HATE IT HERE.
I CANNOT LOOK
AT THAT RED HAIR
IN THE SHOWER DRAIN
ONE MORE SECOND.
LOOK AROUND HERE, PEOPLE.
NONE OF US HAVE RED HAIR.
OKAY, ONE OF YOU
HAS TO GO WITH YOUR MOM,
SO WE'LL DO THIS
THE DEMOCRATIC WAY.
WHOEVER PULLS
THE SHORT CRUST --
COME ON, DAD.
NO, I DON'T WANT
TO DO THAT.
FINE!
YOU ALL WANT TO GO,
THEN GO.
TURN YOUR BACK ON YOUR FATHER,
JUST SPARE ME
THE EMPTY APOLOGIES
AND THE CROCODILE...
OKAY.
FINALLY.
...TEARS.
I CALL "NO BATHTUB."
[ DOOR OPENS ]
ANOTHER GOOD-LUCK
GIFT BASKET, DADDY.
OH, THEY JUST LET 7-YEAR-OLDS
SIGN FOR THESE. OKAY.
HOW NICE!
LET'S SEE
WHAT WE'VE GOT HERE.
EGGPLANT JELLY?
WHAT DO THEY SEND
IF THEY DON'T LIKE YOU?
"GO, COACH, GO, DOLPHINS!"
OHH!
I DON'T KNOW.
IT SEEMS A LITTLE "GO" HEAVY.
PINK SALT?
WHAT IS WRONG
WITH PEOPLE?
OKAY,
I GOT TO SKEDADDLE.
I'LL SEE YOU GUYS
AFTER THE BIG GAME.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
AND WE'RE WAITING BECAUSE --
FORGOT MY KEYS.
YES, YOU DID.
RIGHT OVER THERE.
EVERY TIME.
YES, EVERY TIME.
I FORGOT THEM ON THE DAY
OF OUR FIRST WIN,
AND IT'S WORKED
EVER SINCE.
NOW SCOOCH TO THE LEFT.
I'M NOT LETTING YOU DO
THE COFFEE-TABLE THING AGAIN.
MITCHELL, SUPERSTITIONS
ARE A BIG PART OF SPORTS.
[ SIGHS ]
AND WITCHCRAFT AND CULTS
AND VOODOO, BUT --
HEY, LOOK,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M NOT ASKING YOU
TO LIKE FOOTBALL,
BUT I LIKE FOOTBALL.
FOOTBALL WAS EVERYTHING
TO ME GROWING UP.
I WAS JUST
A BIG, GAY FARM KID
UNTIL I JOINED THE FOOTBALL TEAM
AND I FINALLY FIT IN.
NOW, I DON'T EXPECT YOU
TO LIKE IT.
I DON'T EXPECT YOU
TO COME TO THE GAMES.
BUT I DO EXPECT YOU TO BE
5% LESS CONDESCENDING.
NOW SCOOCH.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
[ LEG BANGS ]
UGH! OKAY!
OHH! OHH!
GO, DOLPHINS!
OHH!
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
IT'S TOO MUCH -- THE CAR KEYS,
THE COFFEE TABLE,
YOUR ROLLER SKATE
ON THE FRONT PORCH.
[ THUD ]
OHH! OHH!
[ SIGHS ] I-IS THERE
ANY CHOCOLATE IN ANY OF THESE?
YOU'LL HAVE TO SCRAPE IT OFF
THIS SUN-DRIED TOMATO.
I SUPPOSE ON SOME LEVEL,
IT'S POSSIBLE
THAT HE
MIGHT HAVE A POINT.
I HATE SPORTS. I DO.
BUT IF YOU HAD MY DAD
AND MY UPBRINGING...
I MEAN, HAVE YOU EVER BEEN
PICKED LAST FOR A TEAM, LILY?
WELL, AT GYM THE OTHER DAY,
THESE MEAN GIRLS --
I MEAN, YOU HAVE NO IDEA, LILY,
THE BULLYING AND THE TEASING.
THEY PUT ME
IN THE BALL BAG.
IF I AM
A LITTLE DISMISSIVE,
IT'S ONLY BECAUSE
OF MY HARROWING BACKSTORY.
THEY SAID IF I TOLD,
THEY WOULD KILL YOU AND DADDY.
OH, MY GOD.
I'VE -- I'VE BEEN MAKING THIS
ALL ABOUT MYSELF.
I HAVEN'T EVEN BEEN
THINKING ABOUT CAM.
[ SIGHS ]
THIS IS CRAZY.
YES, THIS IS CRAZY.
WHO CARES
IF I LIKE FOOTBALL?
DADDY LIKES FOOTBALL,
AND I LIKE DADDY,
SO -- I NEED TO TELL HIM.
I NEED TO TELL HIM
I'M GONNA BE MORE SUPPORTIVE,
AND I NEED TO -- OH, HONEY,
ARE YOU CALLING HIM FOR ME?
YES,
I HAVE A COMPLAINT.
CAN I PLEASE TALK
TO HARRY OR DAVID?
Jay:
WHAT'S THAT SMELL?
I BELIEVE YOU'RE REFERRING
TO MY BOLD NEW SCENT --
"SEX GRE-NOD."
IS THAT FOR SAM,
YOUR FRIEND THAT IS A GIRL
BUT HAS THE NAME
OF A BOY?
[ SIGHS ] I KNEW YOU WERE
SPYING ON ME LAST NIGHT.
YES,
I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND.
LET ME SAVE YOU
SOME SNOOPING.
SHE'S SMART. SHE'S PRETTY.
SHE'S A SENIOR.
SHE'S OUR HIGH SCHOOL'S
"IT" GIRL,
AND "IT" DUMPED THE CAPTAIN
OF THE BASKETBALL TEAM FOR ME.
SO, YOU'RE ONLY 15,
AND YOU GO OUT WITH THE SENIOR.
ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT
TO PLAY THAT GAME?
ARE YOU?
I JUST WANT TO --
MOM,
YOU'RE BUTTING IN.
I JUST WANT TO MEET HER.
OH, ABSOLUTELY NOT.
IT'S WAY TOO EARLY.
PROMISE ME YOU'LL STAY
OUT OF THIS UNTIL I'M READY.
[ GRUNTS ]
THAT'S AS CLOSE
AS YOU'RE GONNA GET TO A "YES."
OKAY,
I GOT TO GO GET READY.
SAM'S GONNA PICK ME UP
FOR A BITE BEFORE THE GAME.
JAY,
I DON'T LIKE THIS.
EH, IT'S NOT
MY FAVORITE EXIT OF HIS,
BUT IT BEATS
THE DRAMATIC STAGE BOW.
NO, THAT GIRL
IS TOO ADVANCED FOR HIM.
I DON'T WANT HER
TO FORCE HIM
TO DO ANYTHING
THAT HE DOESN'T WANT TO.
I THINK HE'LL BE OKAY
WITH WHATEVER SHE WANTS TO DO.
[ HORN HONKS ]
[ GASPS ] AY!
OKAY, YOU GO
BECAUSE I CANNOT BUTT IN.
MAYBE YOU CAN TALK TO HER.
MAYBE YOU CAN PUT
THE FEAR OF GOD INTO HER!
WHAT, BUST HER WINDSHIELD?
BREAK HER PINKIE?
I GO DISCONNECT
THE SECURITY CAMERA.
Jay: NICE RIDE.
THANKS.
YOU KNOW, MANNY'S
NOT REALLY USED TO...FAST CARS.
AND I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOUR INTENTIONS ARE
WITH THIS MUSTANG,
BUT, UM,
I SUGGEST YOU TAKE THINGS
NICE AND SLOW.
WE CLEAR?
UM, SOUNDS LIKE YOU REALLY
WANT ME TO DRIVE SLOW.
NO, UH, WHAT I THINK I'M SAYING
IS, UM, HANDS CAN DO THINGS.
NO, UH, HANG ON.
[ HORN HONKS ]
YOUNG PEOPLE HAVE URGES,
WHICH IS ONLY NATURAL.
I ALSO HAVE URGES.
OKAY.
I MEAN,
THE POINT IS, YOU'RE 18.
I HAVE MY EYE ON YOU.
JAY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GO INSIDE.
NO MEANS NO!
RUN!
SCORE!
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
WIN!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
[ LAUGHS ] YES!
Announcer: AND WITH 4 MINUTES
LEFT IN THE SECOND QUARTER...
YES!
...THAT'S DOLPHINS -- 27...
...BADGERS -- NOTHING.
[ Laughing ] ALL RIGHT!
WHAT A GAME!
OUR GUYS WERE PLAYING
LIKE THEY COME
FROM A MUCH POORER
NEIGHBORHOOD.
YOU DON'T THINK
IT'S FUNNY
THAT WE HAVEN'T SEEN
THAT GIRL, SAM,
THE ONE NAMED
FOR A BOY?
I MEAN,
IT'S A BIG GAME.
IF SHE WAS REALLY
HIS GIRLFRIEND, SHE --
GLORIA, BE REALISTIC.
WHAT DO YOU WANT,
HER STANDING IN THE FIRST ROW
WITH A SIGN SAYING
"GO, MANNY"?
I'M JUST SAYING THAT --
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT
SHE'S DOING.
THAT'S HER?
SHE'S PRETTY.
SHE MADE THAT SIGN
FOR HIM?
I TOLD YOU,
SHE'S A GREAT GIRL.
AND LOOK -- SHE USED GLITTER,
FOR GOD'S SAKES.
JAY, I THINK THAT
SHE REALLY LIKES HIM. LOOK.
SHE LOOKS AT HIM THE SAME WAY
THAT I LOOK AT HIM.
SO SWEET.
AND IN HER CASE, HEALTHY.
[ SIGHS ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
GO, DOLPHINS!
WE'RE REALLY GIVING OUR FANS
THEIR MONEY'S WORTH
TODAY, BOYS.
OH [CHUCKLES] HE CAME.
Announcer:
HE'S AT THE 30, AT THE 20,
THE 10,
AND HE'S IN FOR A TOUCHDOWN.
BADGERS SCORE.
WHAT?!
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
WE HAVEN'T LET ANYONE
RUN BACK A KICK ALL YEAR.
WHAT HAPPENED?
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
RUN! TACKLE! TRY!
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
[ CROWD BOOING ]
Announcer:
TOUCHDOWN, BADGERS.
WHAT'S GOING ON,
COACH?
ALL OF A SUDDEN,
EVERYONE'S JUST OFF.
YEP.
AT LEAST MITCHELL
FINALLY MADE IT TO A GAME.
YEP.
FOCUS, DEFENSE.
THEY GOT TWO PLAYERS HURTING US.
IT'S NOT THAT MUCH
TO KEEP TRACK OF!
SHOOT. MUSTARD.
I COULDN'T TELL MANNY
BECAUSE IT WOULD KILL HIM,
AND I COULDN'T TELL GLORIA
BECAUSE SHE WOULD KILL ME.
HELL OF A WAY
TO RUIN A NICE HOT DOG.
Announcer:
END OF THE THIRD QUARTER,
AND WE'RE ALL TIED UP.
Mitchell:
COACH TUCKER!
OKAY, HEY, EVERYBODY,
GRAB A CUP OF WATER.
MAYBE YOU COULD HOLD ON
TO THOSE, HUH?
HOW EXCITING
IS THIS, HUH?
OH, YOU DROPPED
YOUR LITTLE CLIPBOARD.
I THOUGHT YOU HAD
A WORK DINNER TONIGHT.
I DID,
BUT I BLEW THEM OFF.
I'D RATHER BE HERE
SUPPORTING THE TEAM.
YOU BETTER GO, DOLPHINS!
YEAH, LOVE THAT, BUT, YOU KNOW,
THE GAME'S ALMOST OVER.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO BEAT TRAFFIC, SO...
I THOUGHT YOU'D BE HAPPY
THAT I WAS HERE.
WHY DO I FEEL LIKE
YOU'RE TRYING TO GET RID OF ME?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
IT'S NOT BECAUSE YOU'RE A JINX.
A JINX?
DO YOU THINK I'M A JINX?
NO! NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
THIS ALL CAN'T BE ON YOU.
I'M HEARING
A LOT OF THINGS
THAT SOUND LIKE
THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT YOU'RE --
COACH!
WE NEED A PLAY.
AND MALCOLM JUST GOT STUNG
BY A BEE.
I GOT TO GO. A BEE?!
OKAY, GET SOME BAKING SODA.
[ INSECTS CHIRPING ]
HEY, DO YOU GUYS KNOW
WHERE THE BAR IS?
YOU'RE HERE,
MY FRIEND.
WHAT ARE YOU
IN THE MOOD FOR?
WELL, I'D LIKE
MY WIFE AND KIDS BACK,
BUT I'D TAKE A CHARDONNAY.
AH, I THOUGHT YOU HAD
THAT LOOK ABOUT YOU.
I'M LESTER. THIS IS CARL.
PHIL.
HEY, CARL.
HEY.
I KNOW IT HURTS NOW, BUT, UH,
BEING A MAN-ABOUT-TOWN,
ON YOUR OWN, HAS ITS PERKS.
THIS IS ON ME.
AH.
SO, WHO LEFT WHO?
SHE DID.
SHE SAID
SHE NEEDED SOME SPACE,
GOT HER OWN PLACE,
AND TOOK THE KIDS.
CHIN UP, MY FRIEND.
ADVENTURE AWAITS.
CARL,
COULD YOU SWIPE ME?
NACHO MACHINE
ATE MY CARD.
PHIL.
[ KEYPAD BEEPS ]
HEY, AYOOLA.
THIS IS MY NEIGHBOR HERE.
POOL?
OH, NO, THANKS.
I DON'T THINK
I'D BE MUCH FUN RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
PHIL, BUDDY,
YOU GET AN OFFER LIKE THAT,
YOU GOT TO JUMP ON IT,
EVEN IF IT'S JUST
A ONE-TIME THING.
I DON'T KNOW --
SHE'S NICE, HER KIDS SEEM GREAT,
BUT I DON'T EVEN
SPEAK HER LANGUAGE.
WHO SAID ANYTHING ABOUT
SPEAKING?
I THINK YOU GUYS
HAVE GOT THE WRONG IDEA.
MY WIFE'S
GETTING BACK TOMORROW.
OH, OF COURSE SHE IS,
CHAMP.
OH.
YEAH.
UH, I'M JUST SAYING,
LIFE IS SHORT,
AND WHY DENY YOURSELF
A LITTLE INNOCENT FUN?
YOUR WIFE
CERTAINLY HASN'T.
[ TELEPHONE RINGING ]
I'M NOT SURE I'M UP
FOR IT.
OKAY, BUT DON'T WAIT TOO LONG
TO START LIVING LIFE, PHIL.
THANKS, GUYS.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN YOU DON'T THINK ABOUT
WHO WAS
IN THERE BEFORE YOU,
A HOTEL BATH
CAN BE REALLY QUITE RELAXING.
DO YOU KNOW
IF ALEX GOT MY TEXT?
YOUR SWIPE-CARD WINE.
THANK YOU.
HEY, SO, I WAS TALKING
TO THOSE SAD GUYS
THAT ARE IN THE LOBBY,
AND THEY SAID THE HOTEL'S BEEN
HALF-EMPTY ALL WEEK.
HALF-FULL, HONEY. BE POSITIVE
FOR ONCE IN YOUR LIFE.
OKAY, NOT QUITE THE POINT
I WAS MAKING.
I WANT TO HEAR YOUR POINT,
BUT RIGHT NOW,
THIS MAGIC JUICE
IS GONNA HELP MAMA
TURN THAT BATHTUB
INTO A SWIM-UP BAR.
I'M JUST SAYING
WE COULD HAVE BEEN
IN TWO HOTEL ROOMS
THIS ENTIRE TIME.
OKAY.
WAIT.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
SO, DAD PUT US THROUGH HELL
FOR NOTHING?
DO YOU GUYS HEAR THAT?
THE SOUND OF MY HERO
FALLING OFF HIS PEDESTAL?
UH, NO.
THE SOUND OF YOUR HERO
PLAYING WITH THE NIGERIANS
IN THE POOL.
OKAY, SO,
WHEN I SAY "MARCO" --
HI, MARCO.
NO, NO, I'M PHIL.
I'M GONNA SAY "MARCO"
AND THEN --
HI, PHIL.
LET'S TAKE IT
FROM THE TOP.
I'M GONNA CLOSE MY EYES.
NO, NO, NOT --
NOT YOU, AYOOLA.
YOU KEEP YOUR EYES OPEN.
CAN YOU OPEN --
MARCO!
NO, UH, IYAPO,
CAN YOU STAY IN THE POOL?
THAT WAY,
WHEN I SAY "MARCO" --
HI, MARCO.
COME ON.
HE HAS A ROOM TO HIMSELF,
AND THAT'S WHAT HE'S DOING?
HOW SURPRISED
SHOULD WE BE?
I MEAN, HE'S BASICALLY
A HYPERACTIVE TODDLER
THAT JUST WANTS
TO PLAY ALL THE TIME.
[ CHUCKLES ] YEAH.
ALTHOUGH IT'S REALLY
MORE ABOUT WANTING TO
SPEND TIME WITH US.
IT'S KIND OF ALL DAD
EVER WANTS.
THAT'S TRUE.
HE'S, LIKE,
OBSESSED WITH US.
DO YOU THINK HE LIED
ABOUT THE HOTEL BEING BOOKED
JUST SO WE'D ALL
HAVE TO SPEND TIME TOGETHER?
AND WE
TOTALLY DITCHED HIM.
EVEN AFTER HE JUMPED
ON THAT SEX GRENADE FOR US.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
OOPS.
[ CHUCKLES ] BUTTERFINGERS.
I SPILLED MY WINE IN THE TUB.
WOULD YOU MIND,
SWEETIE?
WHAT?
Announcer:
ONLY 6 SECONDS LEFT.
THE DOLPHINS STILL DOWN BY 3.
Cameron: 40 SHORT YARDS,
6 LONG SECONDS.
WE'VE GOT THIS.
ON THREE, "GO, DOLPHINS."
TWO, THREE...
Together: GO, DOLPHINS!
ALL RIGHT, MANNY,
THIS IS A REAL HAIL MARY.
WIN OR LOSE, I STILL HAVE
A HOT GIRLFRIEND.
HUH?
Announcer:
DOLPHINS COME TO THE LINE.
THERE'S THE SNAP.
TOMMY PARK BACK TO PASS.
HE LOOKS DOWNFIELD.
HIT IT.
HIT IT! HIT IT!
HE'S GOT A RECEIVER.
BOOM!
TOUCHDOWN, DOLPHINS!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WE WON! MITCHELL, WE WON!
OH!
OH, NO!
MITCHELL: Hello?
MITCHELL, WE WON!
AND I LOOKED BACK,
AND YOU WEREN'T THERE!
PLEASE DON'T BE
MAD AT ME.
I'm on the fence.
I DON'T BLAME YOU.
I FEEL STUPID FOR MAKING YOU
THINK THIS WAS ALL YOUR FAULT.
NO! I'M ON THE FENCE.
LOOK TO YOUR RIGHT.
HUH?
OH!
HI.
I WAS TRYING TO LEAVE,
AND THEN I GOT STUCK
ON THIS FENCE
WITH -- MY --
MY PANT LEG IS --
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
WE BOTH KNOW
YOU'RE NOT A GOOD CLIMBER.
WELL, I KNOW THAT.
THERE'S A PARKING LOT
RIGHT OVER THERE.
I'M PARKED OVER HERE.
SIT RIGHT -- SIT RIGHT --
SIT RIGHT THERE.
WHOA, WHOA,
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
OKAY, OKAY, PUT ME DOWN.
TWO, THREE.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO THROW ME.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
LOOK, I -- I GET WHY
YOU DON'T WANT ME HERE.
I-I KNOW THERE'S
NO SUCH THING AS BAD LUCK,
BUT THERE --
THERE IS BAD ENERGY,
AND I BRING A LOT OF THAT
TO YOUR WHOLE SPORTS WORLD.
AND THAT'S -- THAT'S BECAUSE
OF MY OWN HISTORY WITH IT
AND [SIGHS]
YOU DESERVE BETTER.
I COULDN'T DO BETTER.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHY CAN'T WE LOOK AT SPORTS
LIKE ONE OF THOSE FRIENDS
THAT ONE OF US LIKES
AND THE OTHER DOESN'T?
SPORTS CAN BE
LIKE YOUR MOM.
OH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU KNOW,
ACTUALLY, I-I DIDN'T HATE THIS.
OH, SHUT UP.
NO, I DIDN'T.
I-I WAS KIND OF GETTING
INTO THE WHOLE FOOTBALL CULTURE.
THERE IS AN ELEGANCE
THAT THIS HAS --
AAH!
NO!
[ LAUGHTER ]
NO! THIS IS VICUNA!
YOU NEANDERTHALS!
OH! AAH!
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
HEY. GREAT GAME, CHAMP.
THANKS.
YOU OKAY?
YEAH,
JUST A LITTLE TIRED.
IT WAS A BIG DAY.
GOOD NIGHT.
NIGHT, KID.
HEY, WAIT A SECOND.
YOUR TEAM
JUST WON SIX STRAIGHT.
LET'S CELEBRATE
WITH A LITTLE SCOTCH.
YOU'RE OLD ENOUGH
FOR YOUR FIRST SIP.
SHE DUMPED ME, JAY.
OKAY,
WE'RE GONNA DO THIS.
SHE WAS JUST USING ME TO MAKE
HER OLD BOYFRIEND JEALOUS.
NOW THEY'RE BACK TOGETHER.
DON'T TELL MOM, OKAY?
I HAD A SENSE
SHE DIDN'T LIKE SAM.
REALLY?
SHE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
MY FIRST GIRLFRIEND.
SHE WAS PERFECT.
EH, A LITTLE WIDE
IN THE CAN.
JAY.
I'M SORRY. JUST...
YOU ASK ME,
YOU'RE LUCKY.
SHE DUMPED ME BY TEXT
WHILE MAKING OUT
WITH HER OLD BOYFRIEND.
I BROKE DOWN CRYING.
MY CHARCOAL RAN LIKE MASCARA.
I HAD TO BE COMFORTED
BY THE OTHER TEAM'S MASCOT.
LUCKY?
THINK ABOUT IT.
HOW MANY GUYS YOUR AGE
WOULD KILL
TO BE USED
BY A GIRL LIKE SAM?
SHE PICKED YOU.
SHE USED YOU.
I WAS A BODY, JAY.
COME ON.
IF SHE HAD PICKED
AN AVERAGE GUY,
THAT BOYFRIEND
NEVER WOULD HAVE GOT JEALOUS.
SHE HAD TO PICK A GUY
ON HIS LEVEL.
YEAH. MAYBE.
OH, I'M NOT GONNA
LIE TO YOU.
IT SUCKS, AND SOMETIMES
IT'S GOT TO SUCK FOR A WHILE.
I JUST WISH I COULD SAY
SOME MAGIC WORDS
OR GIVE YOU A HUG --
MAKE IT ALL GO AWAY.
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ]
CAN I STILL HAVE A SIP
OF THAT SCOTCH LIKE YOU SAID?
OKAY,
I JUST OPENED A BOTTLE,
A BEAUTIFUL 18-YEAR-OLD,
FULL-BODIED.
SAM!
OKAY. OKAY.
[ CRYING ]
[ NOTE PLAYS ]
Alex: MARCO!
MARCO!
POLO?
Together: MARCO!
POLO! POLO! POLO!
WHO RINGS THE BELL
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT?
IT IS THE CREEPIEST THING.
I'M SURE IT'S JUST,
I DON'T KNOW,
SOME GUY'S CAR BROKE DOWN
AND HE WANTS TO USE OUR PHONE.
HAVE YOU EVER
SEEN A MOVIE?
OKAY, DO YOU REMEMBER
HOW SAD I WAS
WHEN YOU GUYS
LEFT THE HOTEL ROOM?
PHIL, WHAT IS ON
THE OTHER SIDE OF THAT DOOR?
HI, MARCO.
HEY, GUYS.
IT'S POSSIBLE
THEY MISUNDERSTOOD ME
WHEN I SAID,
"YOU GUYS SHOULD STOP BY."
YEAH,
MARCO!
HEY.
[ DOG BARKS ]
ALL RIGHT.
UH...
[ DOGS BARKING ]
Alex:
WHAT IS HAPPENING?!
-- Captions by VITAC --